NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden amongst
thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Little Castle.
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
Children, your mother and I
are going away for the day
on royal business.
Which means
you will be at home
alone with Nanny Plum.
ALL:
Ooh.
Everything will be fine,
Your Majesty.
So no funny business.
I don't want to come home
to find the kingdom
covered in frogs
or jelly or anything.
ALL:
No, Daddy.
KING:
Because while we're away,
you represent
King and Queen Thistle.
Does that mean I can be queen?
Ha, ha.
Well, I suppose it does.
Just for today.
Brilliant.
Magic car, drive on.
BOTH: Bye.
QUEEN: Be good.
Bye-bye. Ha-ha-ha.
Queen Holly.
Hm.
I like the sound of that.
Ahem. Hello.
I'm Queen Holly.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
[BELL TOLLS]
Oh. Hello, Ben.
Hello, Nanny Plum.
Can Holly come out to play?
I'm afraid Holly's much too busy
to play today.
She has a kingdom to run.
Huh?
HOLLY: Ben.
Come up here. Quick.
Okay.
Hi, Holly.
Queen Holly to you.
What?
Mommy and Daddy have gone on
a trip today,
and left me in charge
of the whole kingdom.
Wow.
So I'm Queen Holly.
[BELL TOLLS]
Hello.
Hello, Nanny Plum,
I've come to collect Ben Elf.
It's time for school.
Okay, I'll just--
Nanny. Send the Wise Old Elf up,
I'll sort this out.
Very well, Your Majesty.
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
Enter.
Hello, Princess Holly.
I'm not Princess Holly.
I am Queen Holly today.
I've got no time
for these fun and games.
I've come to collect Ben
for school.
Oh.
Wait, Ben.
Mommy and Daddy
are away today,
so I am in charge
of the whole kingdom.
Is this true, Nanny Plum?
I'm afraid so.
And I have just decided
that Ben does not have
to go to school today.
It's the law.
Well,
this is most unusual.
In fact, they'll be no school
for anyone today.
No school for anyone?
Yes. It's the law.
Because I am Queen Holly.
Um, as you wish,
Queen Holly.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
Oh, dear.
The children will be most upset
when they hear the news.
Children, I'm afraid
Queen Holly has informed me
there will be no school today.
[KIDS CHEERING]
What's that noise?
KIDS:
No school.
Thank you,
oh wise Queen Holly.
ALL: Hooray, hooray.
Shush.
Today shall be a holiday
for everyone.
Even grown-ups.
Even the Wise Old Elf.
And Nanny Plum.
BOTH: Oh.
No one's allowed to work,
it's the law.
But what shall we do
all day?
BOTH: Uh...
Play games.
Yes. You've got to play
games and be happy.
Because I am Queen Holly.
[♪♪♪]
KIDS:
Thank you, Queen Holly.
Right, Mr. Elf,
next on the list,
a delivery of food
for the Little Castle.
Right-ho, Mrs. Elf.
Gosh, what a busy day.
Yes.
But elves like being busy.
BOTH:
And we're elves.
[ALL CHUCKLING]
[CAR HORN HONKS]
Make way. Elf at work.
There's no work today,
Mr. Elf.
It's a holiday.
Is this true, Wise Old Elf?
[PANTS]
I'm afraid so.
But I've got an urgent
delivery of food,
for the Little Castle.
I suggest you come back
tomorrow.
Righty-ho. Bye.
ALL: Bye.
Talking of food,
I'm getting a bit hungry.
[STOMACH GRUMBLING]
Me too.
ALL:
And me.
Queen Holly. We're hungry.
Very well.
I command you to eat something.
Heh.
Being Queen is easy peasy.
But no one
has made any food.
Everyone's on holiday.
BOTH:
Oh.
Queen Holly, if you would
allow the elves back to work,
we could make
everyone lunch.
No, no. You all have to have
a nice day's holiday.
It's the law.
ALL: But we're hungry.
We need food.
Uh, I'll make food.
ALL:
Hooray.
Now.
What do you eat on holiday?
Ice cream.
Yes. That's it.
You shall all eat ice cream.
ALL:
Hooray. Thank you, Queen Holly.
[♪♪♪]
Where are we going?
To the kitchen.
We can use Nanny Plum's
caldron,
to make the ice cream.
Oh. Are you going to make
the ice cream with magic?
Of course I am.
But, Holly, your spells don't
always work out quite right.
Making ice cream
is easy peasy. Watch.
Abracadee, abraca-bong
Er...
Ice cream for everyone
All day long
[♪♪♪]
HOLLY: See. It worked.
Wow.
Ice creams for everyone.
KIDS:
Ooh, thank you.
I'll be back with more.
[♪♪♪]
Oh, there's quite a lot.
Will it stop soon?
Uh, I think I told it to
make ice cream all day long.
Oh, dear.
[♪♪♪]
Ah. We'll soon be home.
Yes.
And it's good to see that
the kingdom isn't flooded
with frogs or jelly
or anything.
Yes. Holly must
be behaving herself.
Aah.
There's too many ice creams.
Make it stop, Holly.
Make it Stop.
Uh...
Ziggidy ziggidy zop
Stop stop stop
Phew, that's better.
[BOTH SCREAMING]
Oi. Where's our ice cream?
[SCREAMING]
[ALL GASP]
Goodness me.
[♪♪♪]
Ah, ah.
I did try to stop it, Nanny,
but it got worse.
Well, thank goodness the
King and Queen aren't here
to see all this mess.
[HORN HONKS]
It's the King and Queen.
ALL: Hooray.
It's very nice of you all
to welcome us home like this.
May I be the first to say
how pleased we are to see you
back again, Your Majesties.
While you were away--
Yes, yes.
I'm a bit tired,
so if you'll excuse me.
Ah. Stop.
Uh, maybe you should go for
a little walk, Your Majesty.
I've just got a bit of tidying
up to do inside.
Thank you, Nanny Plum,
but all I want to do now
is have a nice bath.
[ALL GASP]
Whoa!
[ALL SCREAMING]
Ah. Ice cream.
I'm sorry, Daddy,
it's all my fault.
I tried to be a good queen
and make everyone happy,
but it's a lot harder
than you'd think.
Ha, ha.
Yes, Holly, I know it is.
Especially with elves.
Elves are never happy.
Ahem. We are happy
when we are busy.
Elves like being busy.
ELVES:
And we're elves.
[HORNS BLOWING]
Ha, ha. In that case,
I command you to go back to work
at once.
ELVES: Hooray.
And your first job
will be to clean up all
this ice cream.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Three cheers for King Thistle.
And Queen Holly.
ALL:
Hip, hip, hooray.
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Little Castle.
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[BEN & HOLLY CHUCKLING]
That's enough playing
for one day.
It's time for Ben
to go home.
Oh, can we play
a little bit longer?
No, Holly,
it's your bedtime.
Is it your bedtime too,
Nanny Plum?
Goodness me, no.
I have to work all night.
You have to work all night?
I'm a tooth fairy.
You're a tooth fairy?
Yes. When a child loses
a baby tooth,
they put it under the pillow
before going to sleep.
Then I take it away
and leave a coin in its place.
BOTH:
Wow.
♪ When your tooth falls out
For whom do you shout? ♪
The Tooth Fairy!
Ooh. Exciting.
I have to collect a little
girl's tooth tonight.
Can we come with you,
Nanny?
Hm.
Only if you're very quiet.
We mustn't wake
the little girl up.
We can be quiet,
can't we, Ben?
Elves are very good
at being quiet.
And I'm an elf.
[HORN BLOWS]
Shush. Dear me.
This is why there are no
tooth elves, only tooth fairies.
It's very late to be making
so much noise.
Shouldn't you be getting home,
Ben?
We want to see Nanny
be the tooth fairy.
But you've got school
tomorrow, Holly.
It's the school holidays.
But it's very dark outside.
Princess Holly could do
with some night-flying practice.
But being a tooth fairy
can be very dangerous work.
We'll be very careful.
But--
Please can we go?
Okay. As long as
you stay close to Nanny.
BOTH: Hooray.
Woof. Woof.
[♪♪♪]
♪ When your tooth falls out
For whom do you shout? ♪
ALL:
The Tooth Fairy. Heh.
Nanny, why did Mommy say being
a tooth fairy was dangerous?
There are lots of things
you need to be careful of
when you're flying
at night.
Like what? Aah.
NANNY:
Cobwebs, for instance.
Good evening, Madame Spider.
Sorry for damaging your web,
but the young elf isn't very
experienced at night flying.
[GIBBERS]
Phew.
Bye.
[GIBBERS]
Thanks, Nanny Plum.
Nanny, what else do
we have to look out for? Aah.
Windows.
Where did that come from?
Well done, Holly, you've found
the little girl's house.
And that's the little girl.
She doesn't look very little.
Wow.
Look at that big girl.
Shush. She's also got big ears
to hear us with,
so be very quiet.
Follow me.
[YAWNS]
She's very pretty.
Not too close, Princess Holly.
Ooh. Her breath
is pulling me in.
Beat your wings.
[GRUNTS]
As I said,
we must be very careful.
This is the tricky bit.
I have to get the tooth
from under the pillow
without waking
the little girl.
How?
[CLEARS THROAT]
Gently pillow
Up, up, up
BOTH: Wow.
There it is.
Ugh. It's stuck.
One, two, three. Pull.
Oh. Thanks, Ben.
That's what I call
a big baby tooth.
What about the coin, Nanny?
Here it is. Oh, no.
What's wrong?
[SIGHS]
The little girl's written us
a letter. What a nuisance.
I love getting letters.
But the children always
want a reply.
Now we'll have
to come back again.
Can I read it?
"Dear Tooth Fairy.
What is it like
to live in Fairyland?"
Fairyland?
That makes it sound like
some silly make-believe place.
Did she ask about elves?
Um. No, Ben.
Maybe there wasn't enough room
on the paper.
But she does say,
"Love from Lucy."
That's a lovely name.
Shush. Remember, Princess Holly,
we mustn't wake her.
[♪♪♪]
Nanny, what happens
to the tooth now?
We give it to the elves.
They take care of the rest.
BEN:
This way.
Hopefully
there'll be no one there.
Then we can just leave
our tooth and go.
Good evening,
can I help you?
Oh, hello.
Tooth delivery.
Have you filled in
your tooth report?
Yes.
There appear to
be some details missing.
Where was the tooth found?
Ugh, under the pillow.
Under the pillow.
Dear me, you haven't even
put the little girl's name.
We know that.
Her name is Lucy.
Lucy.
And she's written us
a letter.
Ah. A letter.
There'll have to be
a reply before morning.
Oh.
I'll write it.
"Dear Lucy." Um.
"It's very nice
in the Little Kingdom.
There are lots of fairies."
And elves.
Okay, Ben. "And there
are lots of elves too.
Love, Princess Holly."
And Ben Elf.
"And Ben Elf.
Kiss, kiss, kiss."
NANNY:
Now we've got to take it back.
[♪♪♪]
We'll have to be quick,
it's almost morning.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
NANNY: Someone's coming.
Hide under the bed.
That must be Lucy's mommy.
Oh, no.
The window's shut.
How will we get out?
This is elf work.
Elves are good at opening
windows, and I'm an elf.
Stop, Ben.
You'll wake Lucy.
Sorry.
[GRUNTING]
Hm, I think we're going
to need more than one elf.
I'll ring for more elves.
[BEEPING]
Oh, where can
I get a signal on my phone?
Don't stand too close,
Ben.
Agh. Help.
What did Nanny say?
Oh, yes, beat your wings.
But I'm an elf.
I don't have wings.
Okay, um.
Flap your arms.
[GROANS]
Hello.
[GASPS]
You're meant to be asleep.
You're not supposed
to see us.
Who are you?
Uh, I'm Holly.
I'm a fairy princess.
A real fairy princess,
with wings and a wand
and everything?
Heh. Yes.
And this is Ben.
He's an elf.
Hi, Holly. Hi, Ben.
Oh.
I wrote you a letter.
Thank you.
Oh, it's so little.
It's a terrible signal.
Wise Old Elf?
Nanny Plum.
Don't you know what time it is?
I didn't call to ask you
the time.
We're in a big house
and the window's closed.
I need some elves to rescue us.
I see.
How many elves do you need?
All of them.
We came in through the window,
but now it's shut.
There, it's open.
Thanks, Lucy.
It was nice
meeting you, Lucy.
But we weren't supposed
to wake you.
It's okay.
I'll pretend to be asleep.
Heh. Bye-bye.
Hm, I see you woke
the little girl up.
We didn't mean to,
Nanny.
Oh, it's okay.
They always wake up.
WISE OLD ELF:
Elves to the rescue.
ALL:
[♪♪♪]
Now where's this window
that needs opening?
You just
came through it.
But that's an open window.
Yes, we've done it ourselves,
we don't need you anymore.
Sorry.
Sorry?
You've just dragged every elf
in the kingdom from their beds.
Shush.
Can you be quiet?
Of course I can.
Elves are very good
at being quiet.
ALL:
And we're elves.
No--
[TRUMPETS BLOW]
This is why elves
can't be tooth fairies.
You're too noisy.
Are you all right, Lucy?
We heard a noise.
[SNORING]
It's okay, she's asleep.
You can come out now.
ALL: Phew.
ALL:
Bye, Lucy. See you again.
Bye, Ben and Holly.
Um, can we have a lift?
I'm a bit too tired to fly.
Hop aboard.
Heh. That was fun.
♪ When your tooth falls out
For whom do you shout? ♪
ALL: The Tooth Fairy.
[HORNS BLARE]
[♪♪♪]